---
layout: post
title:  "Research Director Events for Spring 2020"
date:   2020-01-11 17:00 +000
categories: blog
author: Richard Morrill
---

I'm pleased to announce that I finally got my shit together and made the Spring
2020 schedule for my interview prep events and research meetings.  I've done a
little rebranding, "interview prep" is now _Interview Skills_, and "research
meetings" are now _Pickup Research_. I highly recommend subscribing to the
[Google
Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/b/1?cid=Zm9yZGhhbS5lZHVfaWRuaTczbXBxOGtoY2ZnNmtwdTZpZ243dWNAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ){:target="_blank"}.
([iCal
Format](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/ical/fordham.edu_idni73mpq8khcfg6kpu6ign7uc%40group.calendar.google.com/public/basic.ics))
If you add the Google Calendar to your own, it will update if I make any
changes, but do note that if you opt to do it the iCal way, it won't, so please
stay on top of the emails.

The content of all the events should be pretty familiar if you went to my events
last semester, with a few changes due to feedback recieved last semester.  Every
Interview Skills session we will run through a topic that is often tested in
technical interviews, and practice common interview problems. During Pickup
Research we'll continue the robotics projects we started last semester. When the
precise topics of events are decided, they'll get their own posts, so check back
over the next few weeks.

The end goal of Pickup Research will still be to complete the robotic arm
project we set out to build at the beginning of last semester.  However, to make
the individual events more interesting, and valuable for one-time attendees, I
have decided that every weekly event will have some sort of small workshop or
challenge associated with it, that will bring help us learn the skills required
to make our robotic arm perform useful work.  So, now, instead of each event
being a largely unstructured brainstorming and working group, I will prepare
content and activities for the first half of the event, and then we'll spend the
second half working on the actual research project.  This means that casual
attendees that are interested in the skills workshops but not the research
initiative are welcome to only attend the first half of the event.

As always, anybody is welcome to drop into any of my events, regardless of
experience, previous attendance, or intention to attend future events.  I'll do
my best to make it clear what sort of experience is expected before events via
the email list, and on this blog.  If time permits, I'm also more than willing
to work individually with people that want to participate in events, but aren't
quite sure if they've got what it takes to fully enjoy the content.  Feel free
to shoot me an email at research@fordhamcss.org if you have any questions, or
would like advice on how you can prepare for upcoming events.  Most Interview
Skills events, and all Pickup Research events require at most basic knowledge of
any programming language. (i.e. If you're in CS1, or have already taken it,
you're fine.)
 